Good show!
Master Xu
Do you dare me to verify it?
Check it out.
How old are you?
I dare not
Hey, Master Xu is still flustered
It can't be fake, it can't be fake, it can't be fake.
Xu Shao is not afraid of being exposed, is he?
Huh?
Who the hell are you?
Dare to run wild in our Xu family's territory
OK
What if this china is real?
I 1 million buy it
OK, remember what you said.
Open your dog eyes and see clearly
Look at this.
This is obviously the old background of imitation porcelain fever.
You see this place is bankrupt
Ouch, but as expected of a cigar collection
This counterfeiting technology is really high
I didn't even see it if I didn't look carefully
See the cigar here?
You fart
You are talking nonsense
Come on, come on.
Kick me out
Am I talking nonsense?
Everyone's eyes are sharp
Again
This auction house doesn't belong to your Xu family either
Master Xu is not qualified to kick me out, right?
Don't the Xu family still have a lot of lots today?
Go ahead.